of dollars were printed and you got
crumbs you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you in today's
video we are going to talk about the
halves and the Have Nots I just learned
that this is actually a TV show we're
not going to talk about those halves and
Have Nots we're going to talk about the
rich and everyone else we're going to
look at what has happened over the last
little while that have made it far
beyond anything we've seen in the past
this is actually a bigger differential a
bigger wealth Gap than the Roaring 20s
and what led into of course the Great
Depression after that point now here you
can see dollar stores have forgotten who
had made them Rich gambling on patrons
with plumber paychecks may increase
sales for a while but it's risky
longterm and essentially saying look
they're increasing their prices and so
on um you know just in general what's
happened with the dollar stores if the
have expanded their product line
considerably and the prices have gone up
as well you can look at a lot of these
dollar stores I know that one that I go
to has at least five I mean I've never
really looked but there's items there
for $5 okay and they used to be a dollar
so although we are getting more variety
there's food there now like there never
was before now we are seeing prices
increasing there's no question about it
and so they're saying hey they're
gambling the the dollars are supposed to
be all that cheap $1 stuff and now they
are kind of playing around with that I
think it's not necessarily a bad idea
for the stores to provide more products
but if you kind of increase those prices
look if it went from a dollar to
$150 that's percentage wise that's a 50%
increase and a lot of people they just
can't deal with that yes it's only a
small amount when you look at in dollar
value but that adds up over time and
that's the concern that a lot of people
have okay uh it's just basically talking
about the dollar stes and how they have
been impacted the things that they have
been doing they've been opening a lot of
stores except now they're starting to
close a few and this has been a huge
change because they haven't done it in a
long time this could be simply
non-performers you know the areas that
are just not doing well um so we'll see
if that Trend continues but
overwhelmingly the dollar stores have
been the ones to open up those do what
about this monthly Swiss watch exports
February exports suffer the first
significant drop since
2021 all right and what's happening here
is that you've got people clearly
they're saying well okay let's let's not
purchase this if they're in China it
could be in Europe it could be anywhere
really but the exports the data doesn't
lie and there's a you know massive
secondary Market the secondary Market is
too expensive way too expensive but you
know even when you look out at whatever
retailer is available you know they have
actual inventory because that's another
problem with with these high-end
watches you know people are putting
their money elsewhere it seems okay
they're not purchasing what they did the
whole you know Iman gaji you know at my
$3 million watch
portfolio I don't think that's really
flying right now we'll see what happens
though uh but yeah anyway here we go
looking at this bent Lee CEO says the
sales are down because the rich are
experiencing emotional sensitivity due
to the cost of living and don't want to
flaunt their wealth with a new luxury C
that's the excuse that they're using
Okay so this connects I try to make all
of these things connect and make sense
is that really the case I'm interested
to know your thoughts on this you know
are people saying I don't want to flaunt
my wealth I'm not so sure about that in
fact I think people love to flaunt their
wealth in the most cases depends on
where they live depends on you know
they're where they're growing up but I
see it all the time we saw that all over
YouTube I'm sure it's still going on all
on social media somebody gets anything
and they love to show that
off the data though doesn't lie look if
your sales are down that's going to hurt
that company certainly the investors in
that company the sh shareholders of that
company but what's going on in at a
deeper level right we start to see
things like this all of garden owner
Darden sees lower income diners spending
less so some people clearly don't have
the capital don't have the disposable
income where is the money going right
now I think maybe instead of buying a
Rolex watch people are saying people
with money are saying okay I'd rather
invest in Nvidia stock because that's
what I'm chasing now or I'm investing in
Bitcoin okay we'll see if that Trend
like like changes like if suddenly
bitcoin price starts to come down and
maybe people sold they made some money
maybe then they'll go and put that in a
Rolex watch I'm going to follow that
data if you hit thumbs up you're going
to then see these videos more likely in
your feed and you'll be able to track
that that's what I do here at this
channel I track all the data each and
every single day far beyond any out
there and by the way I've been the most
accurate an on YouTube since 2020 and
that is frightening to me it's not it's
not a pat on the back is actually
nothing but fear clay Baron has
everything in his pawn shop from gold
rings pearl necklaces to Vintage cowboy
boots Silver Bell buckles stereos and
Ticking clocks the only thing he's short
on is space right now we have a glut of
inventory which tells me that our
clientele doesn't necessarily have money
interesting the accumulation of
inventory and he's saying we don't have
enough sales so we could look at this in
in different ways of course is it that
we have a lot of people selling off
their stuff and there's not enough
buyers or is it both people are selling
off their stuff they're trying to re you
know basically make some money but other
people are just saying I don't want that
stuff so I'm not going to go to the pawn
shop and and get anything okay U you
know you can look at that in different
ways but it just show me you the Hales
and the have knots where the money is
where it's not it's definitely going
into places like Nvidia and Bitcoin
there's no question about that retailers
turn to extreme Bargains to lure
Shoppers as consumer spending
underwhelms this could absolutely be the
case in different areas um there's
different ways to do this I'll talk
about that in a second you could
actually track this
yourself um it's just talking about the
the sign ific Bargains um the different
places that they're doing this and
whatever it's all dependent and I really
think that it is localized as well some
of these
places are doing totally fine other
places are really struggling like you
know local economies so I think it's not
just a blanket kind of thing if you want
um what what I do on my Sunday business
live sessions is I actually show the
data itself as it relates to um Amazon
specifically I also show Google and
Walmart data and what I can see is the
total search volume so for instance if
you were to
search my my Sunday class is going to
love this the turtle turtle pillows okay
that's an inside joke turle pillows or
burrito blankets you can actually see
people's interest in that over time and
you get in a total number of searches
per month and that is one way that you
can act accurately track the demand of
certain things now you can get it
broadly um by looking at the market
analysis if you are have a trademark so
I am able to do that and I could
actually see going through looking at
what people are searching broadly
through Amazon and you see what becomes
a hot Trend like as soon as you move
into the winter time you get you know
women's sweaters for instance um but you
also see things that people are trying
to save money on they're looking for
clearance they're looking for sale
they're looking for things that they
necessarily weren't before those things
are starting to Trend much much higher
now so I'm giving you this data from
literally both sides you don't find this
YouTubers don't do that stuff okay they
don't they don't have other businesses
their business is YouTube not mine okay
big grocery stores profited from 2020
more than their smaller Rivals not a
surprise at all FTC report on Grocery
Supply chains highlights Walmart and
Amazon agency says Rising profits
warrant further inquiry they're not
going to be able to do anything of
course this is all just a show but it
shouldn't surprise anybody that they're
making a lot of money they can do
whatever they want they do whatever they
want okay these big stores if it's
Amazon what do they do they can squash
you absolutely they can use their muscle
to squash you or better yet what about
if they just do the Frog and boiling
water where they increase the fees on
you so that over time you have to pay
higher and higher fees what it happens
what do we do we increase the price you
increase the price the customer has to
pay more that's the inflation who can
afford that
though that's what's Happening Here the
businesses like the small business
owners their profits get
squeezed Amazon's profits don't get
squeezed but the profit margins get
squeezed or prices can increase even if
it's just to make that same
margin and the consumer has to pay more
okay so um if you're a seller if you
you're a business owner my whole theme
around how I do that sort of business is
to price in a higher category to to be
in something that people need rather
than want so if they want you know you
know hoodies for their cat that might
not be a need although you know the
whole pet Niche did very well during
financial crisis the point is wants and
needs if you can kind of separate those
two and you look for things that people
buy once they used for many many years
that's more likely to get a purchase so
we're seeing things that are really
changing now with the halves and the
have knots you could see where the money
is and where it's not look and
understand the localized Behavior
of the consumer and you'll be able to
dial this in for yourself watch out
where you live this is a very big factor
in the amount of money that you make as
well as you keep I hope you appreciate
this information if you did hit that
Thumbs Up Button if you are interested
can we get the fireworks happen if you
are interested in the Sunday business
live Amazon Walmart all of the offline
like retails I get into all that if
you're interested Link in the
description below I'll see you tomorrow
take care